And the next section you're going to be building or here is going to be customer section.
Right.
And again like I said we're going to be using the second now or here only will have a background image
then or here we're going to have three cards right here and we're going to have only three items right.
And we're going to place this image or here in the bottom.
So we were going to do more here.
We're going to go back.
All right.
And for now we're going to leave the script.
I'm going to go back to you next to him now.
We're going to go all the way to the end of the theme and we're going to say we're here and this is
going to be customers this is going to be the Mersch and select the line copy and paste the line went
to City on and off customers.
Then once we have the customers ready now I'm going to say a section here.
Glass customers are here.
All right press tab.
And then over here we're going to say a deal of it with customers.
And we're going to say Center on this then we should be adding all whole and all theme.
We're not going to do it for now and at once we're going to set up a whole hour javascript right then
we're going to actually add them right.
Because this is going to be pretty much basically the same way.
And over here we're going to have a first one.
This is going to be customer.
Right so we're going to say we're here.
This is going to be a article with a class of customer article customer press time.
Once we have the article then we'll press first.
We're going to have a link.
So we're going to say we're here to link.
Then within the link We're going to have a hash tag going here.
And I have I have a ass.
And this is going to be quote right so that he quote here and we're going to say right here like this.
All right.
Me press over here.
Now I can see that something didn't go through right.
And now we need to check whether my spelling is correct and obviously it's not.
All right so now we have a quote Right now we would want a paragraph still right.
With a link just on its own.
So here we're going to say I would say 10.
Lauren room and that's what's too much so let's read Lorem 10 press time and one more time.
Now we have our text.
We're going to have a heading three or here and we're here going to say customer name here and then
over here we're going to have here.
Right.
So we have at right.
Customer Name No we're here at the customer.
So we will do that.
We're going to have a heading 6 or here we're going to have eight percent.
Right.
And then over here we're going to say this is going to be a hash tag 64 or here like this right here.
I'm going to say customer or here like this.
And once we have this now we'd want Image and no one here was going to say image press or here's horse
image and all use the team images right now I've got to download separately a customer image however
right away what we would want is ultimately we're going to say customer or he'll going to say with.
And this is going to be a hundred and fifty or pixels.
So once we have it again we can do this and see says I'm just doing it so we can see better as we're
working on it right.
So this is going to be on in 50.
Right now we have the article and now we would need to copy and paste this four times.
Right.
So what I'm going to say here I'm going to get the whole article and copy and paste this one to three
right and check it out.
We have for some reason two of them because I messed that up.
All right.
So let's go back over here and I want to.
Right now we should four of them right now let's just change the actual values to Team 2 3 4.
Right so this one it was 1 4.
This is going to be three.
And this is going to be number two.
Right.
So once we have them let's go to the style he assessed and actually Styler.
And so here we're going to start with actual customers and we would need a background on it.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to say this is going to be a background right for
the customer.
So these are going to be cash hashtags because the marsh Well here again bunch of hashtags on this and
then we're going to write dot right here customers and then we're going to write and this is going to
be patting hundred pixels than zero.
All right so top bottom here zero to the sides then we'll have a background.
And this is going to be customized background so you are all right and image and customers customers
background.
And again we're going to do the same thing right.
This is going to be center position is going to be center the size is going to be cover.
The attachment is going to be fixed and the repeat is going to be no repeat beat or here.
All right.
So now we have over here this image now let's again do a linear background.
We need a gradient gradient as it were lay our G.P.A. right.
And I'm really going to say this is going to be right away a black one.
All right so here we're going to say 0 0 0 0 0 let's say or here 0.6 let's grab this one copy and paste
this on here and let's place a game right now and see that we have a black background.
Now once we have this let's work with an individual customer.
So here this is going to be customer.
All right.
Each one of them first we're going to say with what say well this is going to be 90 percent 90 percent
here then we're going to have margin and the margin is going to be 70 pixels top bottom and auto is
going to be for the horizontal line.
So we're going to place it in the center then we're going to have the line center then we're going to
have a padding of ten pixels top bottom and 20 pixels here left and right.
Then we're going to have a background here and this is going to be five thirty five and so white Macron
like this and border radius radius is going to be 20 pixels or here like this.
Once we have this here now I would want to work with customer a.
And so we're going to say or here customer where any and all here we're going to say this is going to
be font size 50 pixels here right.
So now we're working with a link or here right.
So this should be 50 pixels.
Then we're going to have a color and the color is going to be hash tag.
And if see then we're going to have a B F D B F D on here like this right.
And you can see that I messed it up again because I didn't place say 8 or right.
So now we have all hands like one like this and then the next one after that is we're going to have
a paragraph right.
So here we're going to say that this is going to be customer paragraph or he'll get to and this is going
to be margin 20 pixels or here and then we're going to have a line height right hand is going to be
2.
Then we're going to have a color.
Color is going to be exactly the same as here.
Right.
So we can just copy and paste this copy and paste this here.
So this is going to be a color but you know what.
No this is going to be a D.
Now you know what let's do with different color.
It's not going to look very good.
So I'm going to say hey d 8 the A D and so I'm going to we're going to use this gray background.
Now let's deal with customer three adding three.
So customer getting three more here what we would want.
Right.
So first we're going to say text transform we're going to say capitalize Oreo like this.
Then once we have this then we're going to say color hash tag.
And this is going to be this is going to be the blue one.
Right.
So we're going to copy paste this and now this is going to be the blue color.
And then let's work with adding sex.
So customer and having sex here.
And what I would want is text or transform when to say how precarious this margin 10 pixels bottom zero
right 20 bottom left is going to be zero.
All right.
I like this.
Right.
So this is going to be on margin.
And once we have this one on him let's work with an image right.
So we're going to say on here customer customer and image here.
Right.
And then we need to do something interesting right.
So here I'm going to write with and we're going to write 150 pixels here we need to write and this is
going to be important important here right.
That's right.
And why were writing important.
Because once we're going to get the car rolling right this size is actually going to change.
I want to show you what I mean by this right.
So what are we going to say we're here.
Remember we would need to target.
Right.
So here we have customers Center.
All right.
So let's ride here.
All curso right.
One class and here all three.
All right let's just check whether that's correct.
All right.
So we're going to go back over here at the op.
Our curso unhealthy.
All right so this is correct.
However you can see that the carousel starts running.
I haven't set it up right.
So you can see that it actually disappears.
Right.
So what we would need to do right now is actually go to a javascript run and actually set up the customer
center.
So what I'm going to do here is very simple.
We're going to have a theme and I'm just going to copy and paste this one more time.
All right.
And over here I'm going to say oh this is going to be customers right or here I'm going to say not the
center but this is going to be customers center right.
You say this fresh.
And I can see that I have my whole curso working right now.
The difference is going to be let's say we're going to say this and let's go to the Codemasters That's
the father working on right now.
Right.
And let's see or hear right.
So this is what we have right.
So we have right away five of them.
Now if I'm going to go back over here and first of all let's get rid of this important area like this.
Right.
So it's say this let's see how this one is going to look like.
And you can see that there was no change.
Everything was fine but that's because we're here in the script.
We have 1 3 5.
However if I would change it over here to 1 1 1.
So let's say I would want only one of them or here like this.
Right.
So it's a one on one and one.
And if we refresh this is what we're going to have.
And it's definitely not something that you would want to do.
Right.
So here that's why in the main see it says right here important here and now I can see that it's over
here right.
And if we say this if we're fresh even if it's one or here element right.
You can see that image is not going to be distracted or here like this right now.
In our case what we're going to do is we'll going to have one one three.
All right so it's not going to be as drastic here but still we're going to keep this important door
here.
Right now I just want to do a few things we're going to say on margin zero and we're going to say no
more here like this then we're going to have a wider radius more radius.
Right.
And we're going to save 50 percent on this and we're going to see margin bottom was negative 60 pixels
or here right.
Right.
So now we're going to place them basically in the center or here for refresh.
Now I have three of them and you can see how that will work.
Right.
And obviously the size over here was controlled like this.
With items 1 1 3 or here.
Right.
And again remember to select unique one here because if you're going to two of them with an hour carousel
that's not going to make sense here like this.
Now consider this much speed has been copied.
Right.
And make sure that you always always have the owl curso and all theme.
I mean especially if you want or hear Delk whole theme for our carso for sure our theme if you want
or hear these icons.
All right and now we can move on to a next section.